There was one time in my career as a Chief, I think it was, like, the
second year that I was a Chief, as a supervisor, that my commanding
officer made it clear that he wanted to keep people over the time, of
the time they were supposed to be leaving, and it was four o'clock.
I guess we kept people until, like, four thirty or five. I realized
that people have to go and so, everyone was sent home. There was something
slightly off about one of the sheets of paper that I was supposed
to give him. For instance, maybe the name was supposed to written
in signature but it was, like kind of, misspelled or something
like that. So, something very very small and my commanding officer was
really adamant about his people not leaving home so early. So, because
I had let them go home early, he wanted them to come back. Now
I called and I realized that the person that I let home early was an
hour away. My commanding officer wanted him to come back. So, I said
it's not in the best interest of that person to drive all the way
back just for something small that I could correct. I could have whited
it out and typed it on a typewriter and then given it back to him
and that paper would have been just as good. So, even though I had
a direct order from my commanding officer, "Hey, I want you to come.
Get him back into this office." As a Chief, one of our main goals
is to look out for people to, kind of, make sure that, you know, our
morale is kept very high. Those are the type of people that want to
work for you. Those are the type of people that say, "You know what?
Not only is he my supervisor, but he acts as a human being." So,
that's one of the times that I had to, like, stand, you know, at attention
and, you know, make it clear, you know, talking to my commanding
officer as a person, "Yes, there's this rule and you have this choice
but, you know what, here's another option that I'm presenting."
And even though I was yelled at, eventually that person didn't have
to make the, you know, the two hour trip, just to make a small correction
and the job still got done. So, things like that happen all
the time as a Chief and you have to, kind of, weigh the amount of risk
that you're taking with your own personal career and your own personal
evaluation, compared to the kind of morale that you save by acting
as a human to your sailors.